en-US/PRIVACY.md, before:

# Overview
When you access to our publications or this website, we and third parties may process Personal Information about you.

In this section, we provide an overview of our privacy practices.


# Summary
It is important that you read the policy that we provided, but here's a summary to get you started:

- **We keep it simple and minimal.** In order to create an account, all you need is an email and a password. We collect only the minimum amount of personal data necessary, unless you choose to provide more.

- **We give you control.** This means we provide multiple options to opt out your personal information from our Platform, either partially or fully (such as deleting your account).

- **We don't sell your personal information.** Our platform is based on features and/or services that we provided to our users, not from selling your personal information to other parties.

- **For us, and others safety.** We use certain information to help identify violations of our [Terms of Use](/legal/consumer/terms) and to prevent unlawful activities from occurring on the Platform.


# Compliance Laws and Regulations in Indonesia
We comply with Indonesia regulation laws, in accordance with the provisions set out in the [**Undang-Undang No. 27 Tahun 2022 tentang Perlindungan Data Pribadi (UU PDP)**](https://peraturan.bpk.go.id/Details/229798/uu-no-27-tahun-2022) or [**Law Number 27 of 2022 on Personal Data Protection**](https://peraturan.bpk.go.id/Details/229798/uu-no-27-tahun-2022).

If you are using the Platform outside Indonesia, please read our **[Terms of Use](/legal/consumer/terms) section 5**.


# What Information We Collect?
We explicitly state that we only collect this data when you have given us consent.

- **Your technical data.**
  - Including, but not limited to a user ID that was pre-generated by our system after you signed up, cookies, your IP address, browser type, device type, preferred language.
  - We've also used trusted third-party analytics vendors to help us collect those data, which is [Cloudflare Web Analytics](https://cloudflare.com/) and [Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha/) for high-stakes actions such as payment session.
  - In some of our services or products, we use third-party geolocation providers such as [IPinfo](https://ipinfo.io) to determine the general location and network information of users based on their IP address.
    - This helps us improve service functionality, detect potential abuse, and optimize regional settings.
    - No personally identifiable information is shared with these providers beyond the IP address itself.

- **Your identification.** (semi-optional)
  - Including your email address and a password.
  - When you register a new account, some data will be collected and associated to your account, such as a region of where you created the account.
  - Optionally, you may provide personal data to our Platform, such as your legal name, pseudonym, date of birth, and more.
  - Some of our features, products, or services **may forward certain data** to third parties, but **only with your explicit consent** and solely for purposes necessary to deliver those services.

- **Your contact.** (optional)
  - Including your contact email, phone number.

- **Your financial data.** (optional)
  - Some of our features, products, or services requires collecting sensitive information including, but not limited to full name of the bank account holder, identification number of the bank account holder.

- **Your payments data.** (optional)
  - Some of our features, products, or services requires collecting payments information including a payment method, full name, identification (phone number, bank account number of the holder), billing and/or company address.
  - For more information about how we and our vendors collect your payments data, please see **Payment Processing** section below.

We do not collect anything more than stated above.

# What Information We May Share with Third Parties?
In certain circumstances, we may share limited information with third parties where it is necessary to provide our services or operate the Platform.

### Merchants
We may share only the minimum amount of information necessary with merchants available on this Platform, such as your alias and information related to your most recent transaction with the relevant merchant.

### Analytics
We may share your technical data to [Cloudflare Web Analytics](https://cloudflare.com/) to help us understand and improve our platform in terms of security.

### Payments
To protect our platform from automated abuse and ensure secure user interactions, we share certain data with third-party services:
- Technical data (as mentioned above) with [Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha/) for bot detection and security.
- Identification information (as mentioned above) such as legal/alias name and billing address with our payment processing gateway.

For more information about the payments gateway, see **Payment Processing** section down below.

# With Whom We May Share Your Information?
We may share your information to our other parties to provide you with our contents and maintaining our Platform and services. We also may only share your personal information when it is necessary.

We may share your information to:
- **Merchants.**
  - We may share your personal information to our merchants available in this platform such as event organizers, etc.

- **Subprocessors.**
  - We may share your personal information to our subprocessors to deliver an experience to you. This include payments, authentications, and more.
  - You can see our subprocessors [right here](https://github.com/anthro-id/legal/blob/main/en-US/TRUST-FOOTPRINT/READ-ONLY/INFRASTRUCTURE.md).

- **Law Enforcement and Authorities.**
  - We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement officers, government agencies, regulators, courts, or other authorized parties, provided that such disclosure is lawful and has a valid legal basis.
  - We will only disclose your personal information to such authorities if we are legally required to do so or where we reasonably believe that such disclosure is necessary to investigate or prevent unlawful or suspicious activity.

# Purposes
We may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary stated below.

- **To provide you with our contents** when you:
  - use our features and services (for example to create an article) so we can ensuring that we can deliver, manage, and optimize your experience on our platform.

- **To comply with a legal obligation, protect our Platform, rights and safety of others**. We may use this information when necessary to:
  - prevent misuse of our intellectual property, fraud, or other similar activities, and
  - protect our users and ensure the safety of others.
    - We use [Cloudflare](https://cloudflare.com) to protect our platform and Cloudflare [Privacy Policy](https://cloudflare.com/privacy) and [Terms of Service](https://www.cloudflare.com/website-terms/) apply.

- **To maintain and improve our Platform and services.**


# How We Protect Your Data?
We use military-grade encryption to keep your data encrypted, private, and secure while at-rest and in transit.

We store your information using certified vendors such as [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com) and [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/), which offer robust security measures and data encryption to further protect your data.


The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% guaranteed secure. Despite our best efforts, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

To protect your data further, we recommend you to:
- use antivirus software, a firewall, VPNs, and/or other similar software to protect your system.
- follow internet best practices, such as use strong passwords, add a multi-factor authentication to your account, always check latest updates for your browser or hardware, etc.


# Payment Processing
Some of our features, products, or services require payment processing. To facilitate transactions, we work with third-party payment processors who handle payments securely on our behalf. When you make a payment through our Platform, your payment information, such as your name, billing address, and payment details, may be collected and processed by these third-party providers.

We use certified payments processing vendors such as [Flip (Indonesia)](https://flip.id) and [PayPal Holdings, Inc.](https://paypal.com) to enable them to process your payment.

We do not store or process your full payment details directly. However, we may receive limited transaction information, such as payment status or confirmation, to ensure the completion of your purchase or refund requests.

By using our payment-enabled services, you agree to the terms and privacy policies of our payment processing vendors.

If you have questions regarding how your payment data is handled, please refer to [Flip.id Privacy Policy](https://flip.id/en/kebijakan-privasi) and [PayPal Privacy Policy](http://paypal.com/privacy) for more information how they process personal information related to payments.


# Data Retention
User data is retained for as long as necessary in respect of the purposes for which it was collected and according to the applicable laws. In addition, by law, we are obliged to keep some data for indefinite periods of time. However, in the event you would like your data to be completely removed from the platform, you can send a request to delete your data at any time through our standardized process and procedure.


# Your Rights
Based on **Indonesia Law Number 27 of 2022 on Personal Data Protection, Chapter IV (4), Rights of Personal Data Subjects**, you have a:
- **Right to access**, meaning that you have a right to request a copy of your personal data.
- **Right to rectify**, meaning that you have a right to request corrections or updates about your data to ensure accuracy.
- **Right to erasure**, meaning that you have a right to request a deletion of your personal data.
- **Right to withdraw consent**, as stated, you have a right to withdraw your consent for data processing at any time.
- **Right to restrict**, meaning that you have a right to restrict further data processing where you believe it to be inaccurate, unlawful, not able to delete it due to a legal obligation, or simply you do not want us to delete it.
- **Right to portability**, meaning that you have a right to request to convert your personal data to another data controller in a common, human-readable format such as Excel or a spreadsheet.
- **Right to complain with a supervisory authority**, meaning that you have a right of appeal to authorities if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates data protection law.

This section applies only to **Personally Identifiable Information (PII)**—data that can fully identify you as an individual.

PII is a personal data, including but not limited to your legal name, date of birth, and gender.

Please read our [terms, section 5](/legal/consumer/terms#5-use-of-the-platform-outside-indonesia) for **Your Rights** outside Indonesia.


# Contact Us
If you have any questions or feedbacks about the above, our approach to privacy, please visit our [contact page](/contact).


# Consent
By using our platform, you hereby consent to our policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.

Commit message:

Improve "With Whom We May Share Your Information?" section sentence - Clarify what data will be shared to third-parties - Add AML/CTK compliance line to "Law Enforcement" sub-section

en-US/PRIVACY.md, after:

# Overview
When you access to our publications or this website, we and third parties may process Personal Information about you.

In this section, we provide an overview of our privacy practices.


# Summary
It is important that you read the policy that we provided, but here's a summary to get you started:

- **We keep it simple and minimal.** In order to create an account, all you need is an email and a password. We collect only the minimum amount of personal data necessary, unless you choose to provide more.

- **We give you control.** This means we provide multiple options to opt out your personal information from our Platform, either partially or fully (such as deleting your account).

- **We don't sell your personal information.** Our platform is based on features and/or services that we provided to our users, not from selling your personal information to other parties.

- **For us, and others safety.** We use certain information to help identify violations of our [Terms of Use](/legal/consumer/terms) and to prevent unlawful activities from occurring on the Platform.


# Compliance Laws and Regulations in Indonesia
We comply with Indonesia regulation laws, in accordance with the provisions set out in the [**Undang-Undang No. 27 Tahun 2022 tentang Perlindungan Data Pribadi (UU PDP)**](https://peraturan.bpk.go.id/Details/229798/uu-no-27-tahun-2022) or [**Law Number 27 of 2022 on Personal Data Protection**](https://peraturan.bpk.go.id/Details/229798/uu-no-27-tahun-2022).

If you are using the Platform outside Indonesia, please read our **[Terms of Use](/legal/consumer/terms) section 5**.


# What Information We Collect?
We explicitly state that we only collect this data when you have given us consent.

- **Your technical data.**
  - Including, but not limited to a user ID that was pre-generated by our system after you signed up, cookies, your IP address, browser type, device type, preferred language.
  - We've also used trusted third-party analytics vendors to help us collect those data, which is [Cloudflare Web Analytics](https://cloudflare.com/) and [Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha/) for high-stakes actions such as payment session.
  - In some of our services or products, we use third-party geolocation providers such as [IPinfo](https://ipinfo.io) to determine the general location and network information of users based on their IP address.
    - This helps us improve service functionality, detect potential abuse, and optimize regional settings.
    - No personally identifiable information is shared with these providers beyond the IP address itself.

- **Your identification.** (semi-optional)
  - Including your email address and a password.
  - When you register a new account, some data will be collected and associated to your account, such as a region of where you created the account.
  - Optionally, you may provide personal data to our Platform, such as your legal name, pseudonym, date of birth, and more.
  - Some of our features, products, or services **may forward certain data** to third parties, but **only with your explicit consent** and solely for purposes necessary to deliver those services.

- **Your contact.** (optional)
  - Including your contact email, phone number.

- **Your financial data.** (optional)
  - Some of our features, products, or services requires collecting sensitive information including, but not limited to full name of the bank account holder, identification number of the bank account holder.

- **Your payments data.** (optional)
  - Some of our features, products, or services requires collecting payments information including a payment method, full name, identification (phone number, bank account number of the holder), billing and/or company address.
  - For more information about how we and our vendors collect your payments data, please see **Payment Processing** section below.

We do not collect anything more than stated above.

# What Information We May Share with Third Parties?
In certain circumstances, we may share limited information with third parties where it is necessary to provide our services or operate the Platform.

### Merchants
We may share only the minimum amount of information necessary with merchants available on this Platform, such as your alias and information related to your most recent transaction with the relevant merchant.

### Analytics
We may share your technical data to [Cloudflare Web Analytics](https://cloudflare.com/) to help us understand and improve our platform in terms of security.

### Payments
To protect our platform from automated abuse and ensure secure user interactions, we share certain data with third-party services:
- Technical data (as mentioned above) with [Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise](https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha/) for bot detection and security.
- Identification information (as mentioned above) such as legal/alias name and billing address with our payment processing gateway.

For more information about the payments gateway, see **Payment Processing** section down below.

# With Whom We May Share Your Information?
We may share your information with third parties only when necessary to provide our services or as required by law.

## Merchants
When you purchase tickets or register for events, we share necessary information (such as your name, email, and ticket details) with the relevant event organizers to fulfill your order and provide event access.

## Service Providers (or, Subprocessors)
We work with trusted third-party service providers to help us operate our platform. We only share the minimum information necessary for each provider to perform their specific function.

For example, if you are creating a payment, we'll use your full name, email address, and billing address (if available) to process the charge.

You can view our complete list of subprocessors [here](https://github.com/anthro-id/legal/blob/main/en-US/TRUST-FOOTPRINT/READ-ONLY/INFRASTRUCTURE.md).

## Law Enforcement & Legal Authorities
We may disclose your information to law enforcement, government agencies, regulators, or courts only when:
- legally required (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, valid government requests),
- reasonably necessary to investigate, prevent, or address illegal activity,
- required to protect the rights, property, or safety of our users or the public,
- and/or, required for AML/CTK compliance and suspicious transaction reporting

In all cases, we share only the minimum information necessary and notify affected users when legally permitted.

# Purposes
We may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary stated below.

- **To provide you with our contents** when you:
  - use our features and services (for example to create an article) so we can ensuring that we can deliver, manage, and optimize your experience on our platform.

- **To comply with a legal obligation, protect our Platform, rights and safety of others**. We may use this information when necessary to:
  - prevent misuse of our intellectual property, fraud, or other similar activities, and
  - protect our users and ensure the safety of others.
    - We use [Cloudflare](https://cloudflare.com) to protect our platform and Cloudflare [Privacy Policy](https://cloudflare.com/privacy) and [Terms of Service](https://www.cloudflare.com/website-terms/) apply.

- **To maintain and improve our Platform and services.**


# How We Protect Your Data?
We use military-grade encryption to keep your data encrypted, private, and secure while at-rest and in transit.

We store your information using certified vendors such as [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com) and [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/), which offer robust security measures and data encryption to further protect your data.


The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% guaranteed secure. Despite our best efforts, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

To protect your data further, we recommend you to:
- use antivirus software, a firewall, VPNs, and/or other similar software to protect your system.
- follow internet best practices, such as use strong passwords, add a multi-factor authentication to your account, always check latest updates for your browser or hardware, etc.


# Payment Processing
Some of our features, products, or services require payment processing. To facilitate transactions, we work with third-party payment processors who handle payments securely on our behalf. When you make a payment through our Platform, your payment information, such as your name, billing address, and payment details, may be collected and processed by these third-party providers.

We use certified payments processing vendors such as [Flip (Indonesia)](https://flip.id) and [PayPal Holdings, Inc.](https://paypal.com) to enable them to process your payment.

We do not store or process your full payment details directly. However, we may receive limited transaction information, such as payment status or confirmation, to ensure the completion of your purchase or refund requests.

By using our payment-enabled services, you agree to the terms and privacy policies of our payment processing vendors.

If you have questions regarding how your payment data is handled, please refer to [Flip.id Privacy Policy](https://flip.id/en/kebijakan-privasi) and [PayPal Privacy Policy](http://paypal.com/privacy) for more information how they process personal information related to payments.


# Data Retention
User data is retained for as long as necessary in respect of the purposes for which it was collected and according to the applicable laws. In addition, by law, we are obliged to keep some data for indefinite periods of time. However, in the event you would like your data to be completely removed from the platform, you can send a request to delete your data at any time through our standardized process and procedure.


# Your Rights
Based on **Indonesia Law Number 27 of 2022 on Personal Data Protection, Chapter IV (4), Rights of Personal Data Subjects**, you have a:
- **Right to access**, meaning that you have a right to request a copy of your personal data.
- **Right to rectify**, meaning that you have a right to request corrections or updates about your data to ensure accuracy.
- **Right to erasure**, meaning that you have a right to request a deletion of your personal data.
- **Right to withdraw consent**, as stated, you have a right to withdraw your consent for data processing at any time.
- **Right to restrict**, meaning that you have a right to restrict further data processing where you believe it to be inaccurate, unlawful, not able to delete it due to a legal obligation, or simply you do not want us to delete it.
- **Right to portability**, meaning that you have a right to request to convert your personal data to another data controller in a common, human-readable format such as Excel or a spreadsheet.
- **Right to complain with a supervisory authority**, meaning that you have a right of appeal to authorities if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates data protection law.

This section applies only to **Personally Identifiable Information (PII)**—data that can fully identify you as an individual.

PII is a personal data, including but not limited to your legal name, date of birth, and gender.

Please read our [terms, section 5](/legal/consumer/terms#5-use-of-the-platform-outside-indonesia) for **Your Rights** outside Indonesia.


# Contact Us
If you have any questions or feedbacks about the above, our approach to privacy, please visit our [contact page](/contact).


# Consent
By using our platform, you hereby consent to our policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
