en-US/REFUND.md, before:

# Overview
This policy states our refund policy for this platform.

# Summary
In summary, most of our services are rely on our merchants decision, meaning that we cannot issue a refund if our merchants did not agree with the decision, unless it's violating our Terms.

For event services, please visit [Refund Policy: Events](/en-US/EVENTS/REFUND.md).

# Chargeback
It is important to read refund policy (from both sides, between the event organizer and platform policy) before you commit to purchase.

Before issuing chargebacks, it is crucial to communicate with the platform (and third-parties, if available) so both parties can issue you a proper refund.

We will ask the consumer's to revoke or appeal their chargeback claim while working together to find a better resolution (with third-parties, if involved)

If you think the chargeback was fraudulent or unfair, you can dispute it by getting a contact to **Anthro.id** team through our [contact page](/contact) and providing:
- Proof of purchase (email confirmation, invoices from your payment or wallet app)
- Identification card or any form that can identify you ("KTP" or national card ID, "SIM" or driver's license, passport, etc.)

If the consumer's refuses to cooperate, we will work with the consumer's bank to prove their purchase was valid and subsequently terminate their account for breaking our Terms of Service and block the credit card information from future purchases.

# Refund Coverage Details
Refunds, if applicable, will only cover the base ticket price paid by the consumer. Any additional fees, including but not limited to platform fees, payment processing fees, VAT, and currency conversion fees **are non-refundable/reversible.**

# Under Account Termination
If your **Anthro.id** account is terminated for some reasons, you have no rights to issue any refunds until your account is reinstated.

# Request
You can also request a refund through our [contact page](/contact) to issue a refund to see if your expectations align with the event organizer's refund policy.

# Contact
If you have concerns or questions about our refund policy, you can provide us a message through our [contact page](/contact).

Commit message:

Add "Donation" section to Refund policy

en-US/REFUND.md, after:

# Overview
This policy states our refund policy for this platform.

# Summary
In summary, most of our services are rely on our merchants decision, meaning that we cannot issue a refund if our merchants did not agree with the decision, unless it's violating our Terms.

For event services, please visit [Refund Policy: Events](/en-US/EVENTS/REFUND.md).

# Donation
In general, donations are considered to be final and non-refundable.

# Chargeback
It is important to read refund policy (from both sides, between the event organizer and platform policy) before you commit to purchase.

Before issuing chargebacks, it is crucial to communicate with the platform (and third-parties, if available) so both parties can issue you a proper refund.

We will ask the consumer's to revoke or appeal their chargeback claim while working together to find a better resolution (with third-parties, if involved)

If you think the chargeback was fraudulent or unfair, you can dispute it by getting a contact to **Anthro.id** team through our [contact page](/contact) and providing:
- Proof of purchase (email confirmation, invoices from your payment or wallet app)
- Identification card or any form that can identify you ("KTP" or national card ID, "SIM" or driver's license, passport, etc.)

If the consumer's refuses to cooperate, we will work with the consumer's bank to prove their purchase was valid and subsequently terminate their account for breaking our Terms of Service and block the credit card information from future purchases.

# Refund Coverage Details
Refunds, if applicable, will only cover the base ticket price paid by the consumer. Any additional fees, including but not limited to platform fees, payment processing fees, VAT, and currency conversion fees **are non-refundable/reversible.**

# Under Account Termination
If your **Anthro.id** account is terminated for some reasons, you have no rights to issue any refunds until your account is reinstated.

# Request
You can also request a refund through our [contact page](/contact) to issue a refund to see if your expectations align with the event organizer's refund policy.

# Contact
If you have concerns or questions about our refund policy, you can provide us a message through our [contact page](/contact).
