en-US/TERMS-OF-USE.md, before:

# Overview
Welcome to Anthro.id (abbr. Anthro Indonesia)!

The following page are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your use of Anthro.id's platform, including [https://anthro.id](https://anthro.id) (collectively, the "Platform").

Our other policies such as [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy-policy) may be applicable to some features on the platform are also incorporated into the Terms.
By visiting or using the Platform, you hereby consent to these Terms of Use or Service, as updated from time to time.

# Definitions
- **We** or **Us** — refers to us, **Anthro.id** team, and/or developers.
- **Platform** — refers to our site that you're currently visiting right now, **Anthro.id**.
- **Services** — refers to our products inside the website.
- **You** / **Your** — refers to you. If you're accessing our Platform on behalf of a legal individual or entity (employer, for instance), you agree that you have the responsibility to combine that individual/entity to these terms, and "you" and "your" will refer to that individual/entity.

# Underage Notice
Please refer to our [Underage Individuals'](/legal/underage) policy segment.

# Future Changes
We may change our Terms of Use from time to time with notice. 

After notice, we'll be given our users' and/or visitors a chance to read and understand the changes for at least 30 days before **Effective Date** as mentioned above the title.

By continuing to use the Platform after the effective date, you agree to the changes.

# Contents
## 1. Account & Rights
You may browse the Platform without registering for an account. You will be required to register for an account to use certain features on the Platform, such as purchasing tickets, creating an article, or becoming an event organizer.

Please note that your account name may not include the name of another person with the intention to impersonate that person, or be offensive in any way shape or form.

Your account identification such as username, password, or email are personal to you. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your account, for all activities that are conducted through your account.

You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We are not responsible for any harm related to disclosure of your account or the use by anyone else of your account identification such as mentioned above.

You may not use another user's account without their permission. You will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized activities of your account. We may require you to change your account identification such as mentioned above if we believe your account is vulnerable, or if we receive a complaint that your account violates someone else's rights.

You are entirely responsible for all data you enter, including your account information. Any errors, typos, or mistakes—whether intentional or not—that result in incorrect data are your full responsibility, along with any consequences.
This includes, but not limited to: bank account numbers, legal names, and hosted event names.

You will have no ownership in your account, meaning that we can terminate, or modify your account at any time, with or without notice or your permission if things does not align with our Terms.

We may prevent registration, disable an account, or deny access to the Platform for any reason.

## 2. Standards of Behavior
You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws (including local laws in Indonesia), rules and regulations, that you will not:
- Restrict any other person from using the Platform.
- Use the Platform for any unlawful purpose.
- Suggest that **Anthro.id** agrees with your statements unless we give you written permission.
- Impersonate any person or entity, whether real or fictional, including any representative of our Platform.
- Submit:
  - any unauthorized content belonging to someone else without their consent.
  - any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party’s intellectual property or other rights.
  - any private information about Platform without authorization.
  - any advertisements, solicitations, pyramid schemes, surveys, contests, or other unsolicited-related commercial communication.
  - any content or information containing material that may be considered harmful, immoral, pornographic, inappropriate, offensive, violent, abusive, indecent, racist, discriminatory, defamatory, threatening, harassing, hateful, or intimidates individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability.
- Engage in a way that could harm our intellectual property. This includes such as spamming, flooding, DDoS, and more.
- Harvest, access, monitor, or copy any information about our Platform users (including scrapping the Platform, etc.) without a written agreement or strict verification from **Anthro.id**.
- (, as attendees, involved in **Anthro.id / Events**) to:
  - order, or attempt to order, numbers of tickets for an event that exceeds the provided limit for that event.
  - participate in an offer on the Platform using any unauthorized method (such as a gift code) unless you have received direct authorization from us. Additionally, you must comply with the terms of the offer.

## 3. Your Content
**Your content is yours, but you give us a license to it when you use Anthro.id.**

By submitting your Content to our Platform, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly display, and archive your Content in connection with our Platform or services. This license allows us to showcase your Content on our Platform and promotional materials, but you retain full ownership of your Content.

We will not, and never will, sell or transfer your Content to third parties.

You are responsible for the content that you submit to us and any consequences that arise from its use.

You may not upload content that violates laws and regulations, infringes intellectual property, contains explicit or harmful material, as outlined in our **[Standards of Behavior](/legal/terms#2-standards-of-behavior)**.

If we receive a complaint that your Content does not comply with our Terms, we may investigate and decide to remove your Content or disable your account. You will be responsible for any Content that infringes on the rights of a third party, and we may require you to compensate us for any costs incurred in resolving such complaints.

As stated above, we reserve the right to delete any content that we determine violates our Platform terms or is otherwise inappropriate.

## 4. Copyright (DMCA/HaKI)
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the DMCA) and/or Indonesia's Copyright Law No. 28 of 2014 (the HaKI), if you believe in good faith that any content displayed on our Platform infringes your copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed.

The notice must include:
- your physical or electronic signature,
- description of the work you think has been infringed;
- description of where the material you think is infringing is located on our services (including identifiers such as full URL to the content),
- your personal information so you can be reached, including your legal name, address, telephone number, and email address,
- written statement that you have a good faith that use of the content is not authorized by you, your agent, or the law,
- written statement that the information you provided is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you or your agent is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, you may send us a counter-notice.

Read more information about the DMCA at [copyright.gov](https://copyright.gov) and the HaKI (Indonesia's Copyright Law) at [dgip.go.id](https://dgip.go.id).

Notices and counter-notices should be sent by emailing us, [mail@anthro.id](mailto:mail@anthro.id) (subject line "DMCA/HaKI Takedown Request").

There may be penalties for bad faith submissions under one or more of our laws.
Please confirm that you, as the rights holder, or have the authority to act on the rights holder's behalf, understand the repercussions of submitting a false claim or bad faith submissions.

We recommend consulting a legal advisor before submitting a notice or counter-notice.

We may delete content alleged to be infringing from our Platform.
It is our policy to terminate the account who we determine to be repeat copyright infringers.

## 5. Use of the Platform Outside Indonesia
The Platform is intended for individuals residing in Indonesia. We do not guarantee that the content available on or through the Platform is appropriate or accessible in other locations.

We reserve the right to limit access or visibility to the Platform, services, or products to specific individuals or geographic regions at any time.

Users outside Indonesia are responsible for ensuring their use of the Platform complies with their local laws.

## 6. Parental Controls
For more information about parental controls, please refer to our [Underage Individuals'](/legal/underage) policy segment.

## 7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
We strive to provide a seamless experience for users and visitors, but we cannot guarantee that every aspect of the Platform will function without interuptions.

THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING ALL FEATURES, SERVICES, AND CONTENT, IS PROVIDED ON AN 'AS-IS' AND 'AS-AVAILABLE' BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WHILE WE STRIVE TO PROVIDE A SEAMLESS EXPERIENCE, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE PLATFORM WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTIONS, ERRORS OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING EVENT ORGANIZERS, PAYMENT PROCESSORS, OR ANY EXTERNAL SERVICE PROVIDERS THAT INTERACT WITH OUR PLATFORM. ANY TRANSACTIONS OR INTERACTIONS YOU HAVE WITH EVENT ORGANIZERS OR OTHER USERS ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

## 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANTHRO.ID, ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, EVENT ORGANIZERS, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM SHALL NOT EXCEED [A] THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO US (IF ANY) IN THE PAST THREE (3) MONTHS BEFORE YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM, OR [B] $100 OR IDR 1,600,000 [AS IN MARCH 2025] (OR THE EQUIVALENT IN YOUR LOCAL CURRENCY)

IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS RESTRICTED, OUR LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

## 9. Questions
If you have questions about our Terms, please contact us either through our [contact page](/contact) or email us at [mail@anthro.id](mailto:mail@anthro.id).

## 10. Finale
By using our Platform, you agree to our terms and conditions/services/use.

Commit message:

Replace "Account & Rights" section - Explain account ownership section in a natural-friendly-but-still-legal tone

en-US/TERMS-OF-USE.md, after:

# Overview
Welcome to Anthro.id (abbr. Anthro Indonesia)!

The following page are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your use of Anthro.id's platform, including [https://anthro.id](https://anthro.id) (collectively, the "Platform").

Our other policies such as [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy-policy) may be applicable to some features on the platform are also incorporated into the Terms.
By visiting or using the Platform, you hereby consent to these Terms of Use or Service, as updated from time to time.

# Definitions
- **We** or **Us** — refers to us, **Anthro.id** team, and/or developers.
- **Platform** — refers to our site that you're currently visiting right now, **Anthro.id**.
- **Services** — refers to our products inside the website.
- **You** / **Your** — refers to you. If you're accessing our Platform on behalf of a legal individual or entity (employer, for instance), you agree that you have the responsibility to combine that individual/entity to these terms, and "you" and "your" will refer to that individual/entity.

# Underage Notice
Please refer to our [Underage Individuals'](/legal/underage) policy segment.

# Future Changes
We may change our Terms of Use from time to time with notice. 

After notice, we'll be given our users' and/or visitors a chance to read and understand the changes for at least 30 days before **Effective Date** as mentioned above the title.

By continuing to use the Platform after the effective date, you agree to the changes.

# Contents
## 1. Account & Rights
You may browse the Platform without registering for an account. You will be required to register for an account to use certain features on the Platform, such as purchasing tickets, creating an article, or becoming an event organizer.

Please note that your account name may not include the name of another person with the intention to impersonate that person, or be offensive in any way shape or form.

Your account identification such as username, password, or email are personal to you. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your account, for all activities that are conducted through your account.

You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We are not responsible for any harm related to disclosure of your account or the use by anyone else of your account identification such as mentioned above.

You may not use another user's account without their permission. You will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized activities of your account. We may require you to change your account identification such as mentioned above if we believe your account is vulnerable, or if we receive a complaint that your account violates someone else's rights.

You are entirely responsible for all data you enter, including your account information. Any errors, typos, or mistakes—whether intentional or not—that result in incorrect data are your full responsibility, along with any consequences.
This includes, but not limited to your bank account numbers, legal names, and hosted event names.

Your account is provided as part of our services, and we reserve the right to modify or terminate it with reasonable notice if it does not comply with our Terms.

We may prevent registration, disable an account, or deny access to the Platform for any reason.

## 2. Standards of Behavior
You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws (including local laws in Indonesia), rules and regulations, that you will not:
- Restrict any other person from using the Platform.
- Use the Platform for any unlawful purpose.
- Suggest that **Anthro.id** agrees with your statements unless we give you written permission.
- Impersonate any person or entity, whether real or fictional, including any representative of our Platform.
- Submit:
  - any unauthorized content belonging to someone else without their consent.
  - any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, or infringes our or any third party’s intellectual property or other rights.
  - any private information about Platform without authorization.
  - any advertisements, solicitations, pyramid schemes, surveys, contests, or other unsolicited-related commercial communication.
  - any content or information containing material that may be considered harmful, immoral, pornographic, inappropriate, offensive, violent, abusive, indecent, racist, discriminatory, defamatory, threatening, harassing, hateful, or intimidates individuals on the basis of religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, age, or disability.
- Engage in a way that could harm our intellectual property. This includes such as spamming, flooding, DDoS, and more.
- Harvest, access, monitor, or copy any information about our Platform users (including scrapping the Platform, etc.) without a written agreement or strict verification from **Anthro.id**.
- (, as attendees, involved in **Anthro.id / Events**) to:
  - order, or attempt to order, numbers of tickets for an event that exceeds the provided limit for that event.
  - participate in an offer on the Platform using any unauthorized method (such as a gift code) unless you have received direct authorization from us. Additionally, you must comply with the terms of the offer.

## 3. Your Content
**Your content is yours, but you give us a license to it when you use Anthro.id.**

By submitting your Content to our Platform, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly display, and archive your Content in connection with our Platform or services. This license allows us to showcase your Content on our Platform and promotional materials, but you retain full ownership of your Content.

We will not, and never will, sell or transfer your Content to third parties.

You are responsible for the content that you submit to us and any consequences that arise from its use.

You may not upload content that violates laws and regulations, infringes intellectual property, contains explicit or harmful material, as outlined in our **[Standards of Behavior](/legal/terms#2-standards-of-behavior)**.

If we receive a complaint that your Content does not comply with our Terms, we may investigate and decide to remove your Content or disable your account. You will be responsible for any Content that infringes on the rights of a third party, and we may require you to compensate us for any costs incurred in resolving such complaints.

As stated above, we reserve the right to delete any content that we determine violates our Platform terms or is otherwise inappropriate.

## 4. Copyright (DMCA/HaKI)
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the DMCA) and/or Indonesia's Copyright Law No. 28 of 2014 (the HaKI), if you believe in good faith that any content displayed on our Platform infringes your copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed.

The notice must include:
- your physical or electronic signature,
- description of the work you think has been infringed;
- description of where the material you think is infringing is located on our services (including identifiers such as full URL to the content),
- your personal information so you can be reached, including your legal name, address, telephone number, and email address,
- written statement that you have a good faith that use of the content is not authorized by you, your agent, or the law,
- written statement that the information you provided is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you or your agent is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, you may send us a counter-notice.

Read more information about the DMCA at [copyright.gov](https://copyright.gov) and the HaKI (Indonesia's Copyright Law) at [dgip.go.id](https://dgip.go.id).

Notices and counter-notices should be sent by emailing us, [mail@anthro.id](mailto:mail@anthro.id) (subject line "DMCA/HaKI Takedown Request").

There may be penalties for bad faith submissions under one or more of our laws.
Please confirm that you, as the rights holder, or have the authority to act on the rights holder's behalf, understand the repercussions of submitting a false claim or bad faith submissions.

We recommend consulting a legal advisor before submitting a notice or counter-notice.

We may delete content alleged to be infringing from our Platform.
It is our policy to terminate the account who we determine to be repeat copyright infringers.

## 5. Use of the Platform Outside Indonesia
The Platform is intended for individuals residing in Indonesia. We do not guarantee that the content available on or through the Platform is appropriate or accessible in other locations.

We reserve the right to limit access or visibility to the Platform, services, or products to specific individuals or geographic regions at any time.

Users outside Indonesia are responsible for ensuring their use of the Platform complies with their local laws.

## 6. Parental Controls
For more information about parental controls, please refer to our [Underage Individuals'](/legal/underage) policy segment.

## 7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
We strive to provide a seamless experience for users and visitors, but we cannot guarantee that every aspect of the Platform will function without interuptions.

THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING ALL FEATURES, SERVICES, AND CONTENT, IS PROVIDED ON AN 'AS-IS' AND 'AS-AVAILABLE' BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WHILE WE STRIVE TO PROVIDE A SEAMLESS EXPERIENCE, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE PLATFORM WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTIONS, ERRORS OF THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING EVENT ORGANIZERS, PAYMENT PROCESSORS, OR ANY EXTERNAL SERVICE PROVIDERS THAT INTERACT WITH OUR PLATFORM. ANY TRANSACTIONS OR INTERACTIONS YOU HAVE WITH EVENT ORGANIZERS OR OTHER USERS ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

## 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANTHRO.ID, ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, EVENT ORGANIZERS, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM SHALL NOT EXCEED [A] THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO US (IF ANY) IN THE PAST THREE (3) MONTHS BEFORE YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM, OR [B] $100 OR IDR 1,600,000 [AS IN MARCH 2025] (OR THE EQUIVALENT IN YOUR LOCAL CURRENCY)

IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS RESTRICTED, OUR LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

## 9. Questions
If you have questions about our Terms, please contact us either through our [contact page](/contact) or email us at [mail@anthro.id](mailto:mail@anthro.id).

## 10. Finale
By using our Platform, you agree to our terms and conditions/services/use.
