en-US/UNDERAGE.md, before:

# Overview
This policy covers how our Platform handles accounts for underage individuals.

# Notice
Please note that our platform is not targeted at children under the age of 13, and they are not permitted to use the Platform.

We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor their children's Internet use.

# Processing the Data
In rare cases where we collect personal information from children, we always seek parental or guardian consent and only collect such information for the specific purposes disclosed at the time of collection.

# Parental Controls
We cannot prohibit underage individuals from visiting our Platform and must rely on parents and/or guardians to decide what materials are appropriate for children to view.

You can find more information about parental guidance at [ftc.gov](https://consumer.ftc.gov/identity-theft-and-online-security/online-privacy-and-security) and [indonesiabaik.id](https://indonesiabaik.id/infografis/menjaga-anak-di-internet). 

We do not endorse the products or services listed above.

# Anthro.id: Events
## Guardian Agreements
A parent or legal guardian ***must*** print, sign, and submit a physical/digital copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** form—provided by us, or the event organizer—to the event organizer before or when the event begins.
  - To provide a duty stamp on a digital copy, we recommend you to use [e-meterai.co.id](https://e-meterai.co.id/).

A copy may also be submitted to **Anthro.id**, but only if the event organizer has granted us permission to store it.

We do not endorse the products or services listed above.

## Attendance
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

As a fallback, our default policy states that underage individuals (under 14 years old) must be accompanied by parents and/or legal guardian.

## Check-In
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

Otherwise, as a fallback, our default policy states that for those who are:
- **under 14 years old**, the individual parents and/or legal guardian must provide their valid government-issued ID card.
- **between 14 and 16 years old**, the individual must provide their additional forms of ID, government-issued or not.
  - This includes, but not limited to a passport, student card, family certificate, and/or [KIA (Kartu Identitas Anak/Youth Identification Card)](https://hellosehat.com/parenting/anak-6-sampai-9-tahun/tumbuh-kembang-anak/kartu-identitas-anak/).

During check-in, the individual must bring their physical identification card/form/paper along with the physical copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** as stated above.

# Consent
If you use the Platform, you stated and agreed that you are at least 13 years old or above.

Commit message:

Add "Event Creation" sub-section on "Anthro.id: Events" section

en-US/UNDERAGE.md, after:

# Overview
This policy covers how our Platform handles accounts for underage individuals.

# Notice
Please note that our platform is not targeted at children under the age of 13, and they are not permitted to use the Platform.

We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor their children's Internet use.

# Processing the Data
In rare cases where we collect personal information from children, we always seek parental or guardian consent and only collect such information for the specific purposes disclosed at the time of collection.

# Parental Controls
We cannot prohibit underage individuals from visiting our Platform and must rely on parents and/or guardians to decide what materials are appropriate for children to view.

You can find more information about parental guidance at [ftc.gov](https://consumer.ftc.gov/identity-theft-and-online-security/online-privacy-and-security) and [indonesiabaik.id](https://indonesiabaik.id/infografis/menjaga-anak-di-internet). 

We do not endorse the products or services listed above.

# Anthro.id: Events
## Event Creation
For local event or convention with more than 50 attendees, a parent or legal guardian **must** sign and submit a digital copy of the **Underage Event Creation Authorization** form, provided by us.
  - To provide a duty stamp on a digital copy, we recommend you to use [e-meterai.co.id](https://e-meterai.co.id/).

Alternatively, you can bring someone who is older (more than or equal to 18 years old) than the individual to create an event and follow a normal procedure.

We do not endorse the products or services listed above.

## Guardian Agreements
A parent or legal guardian ***must*** print, sign, and submit a physical/digital copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** form—provided by us, or the event organizer—to the event organizer before or when the event begins.
  - To provide a duty stamp on a digital copy, we recommend you to use [e-meterai.co.id](https://e-meterai.co.id/).

A copy may also be submitted to **Anthro.id**, but only if the event organizer has granted us permission to store it.

We do not endorse the products or services listed above.

## Attendance
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

As a fallback, our default policy states that underage individuals (under 14 years old) must be accompanied by parents and/or legal guardian.

## Check-In
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

Otherwise, as a fallback, our default policy states that for those who are:
- **under 14 years old**, the individual parents and/or legal guardian must provide their valid government-issued ID card.
- **between 14 and 16 years old**, the individual must provide their additional forms of ID, government-issued or not.
  - This includes, but not limited to a passport, student card, family certificate, and/or [KIA (Kartu Identitas Anak/Youth Identification Card)](https://hellosehat.com/parenting/anak-6-sampai-9-tahun/tumbuh-kembang-anak/kartu-identitas-anak/).

During check-in, the individual must bring their physical identification card/form/paper along with the physical copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** as stated above.

# Consent
If you use the Platform, you stated and agreed that you are at least 13 years old or above.
