en-US/EVENTS/REFUND.md, before:

# Overview
This policy states our refund policy for our services named **Anthro.id / Events**.

This is an extended version of our Refund Policy.

# Under Event Organizer Policy
If an event organizer has a refund policy, that policy applies to the event, not ours.

It is up to the event organizer to decide whether to accept your refund request, if applicable.

Please read **Refund Verification** section down below for more information about whether the ticket is refundable or not.

The event organizer can also reuse and modify our Platform refund policy.

# Under Anthro.id Policy (Fallback)
If the event organizer does not specify a refund policy, our (Anthro.id) refund policy will apply by default.

It is up to the event organizer to decide whether to accept your refund request, if applicable.

Please read **Refund Verification** section down below for more information about whether the ticket is refundable or not.

You may request to cancel your ticket for a:
- **full refund**, up to 30 (thirty) days before the date and time of the event.
- **partial refund (50%)**, between 7 (seven) and 29 (twenty nine) days before the date and time of the event.
- **no refund**, less than 7 (seven) days before the date and time of the event.

# Force Majeure
In the event of unforeseen circumstances beyond the control of the Platform (**Anthro.id**) or the event organizer, including but not limited to natural catastrophe(s), government regulations, pandemics, or any other force majeure event, both the Platform and the event organizer reserve the right to honor applicable refund policies.

Refunds under force majeure circumstances will be processed in accordance with the timeline and method determined by the event organizer and **Anthro.id.** Any transaction fees or processing charges (e.g. bank transfers) may be deducted where applicable.

The Platform and the event organizer are not liable for any additional costs, damages, or losses incurred by attendees due to a force majeure event. This includes, but is not limited to, accommodations, travel expenses, lost wages, or any other costs beyond the ticket purchase price. The Platform's liability is limited solely to ticket refunds as specified in our refund policy.

For more information on what is included in force majeure, you can [visit this page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force_majeure).

Please read **Refund Coverage Details** section below for more information about how much you will get refunded.

# Refund Coverage Details
In cases where an event organizer issues a refund, the amount returned to you will be subject to deductions based on these non-refundable charges. The final refund amount may also depend on the event organizer’s own policies and agreements.

# Request
If available, you can request a refund through your [profile page](/user/profile), under **Your Ticket** section, select the event that you want to issue a refund and follow the on-screen instructions.

# Refund Verification
Refund verification (a state whether your ticket will be refunded, or not) typically depends on the event organizer, who has up to 7 days to make a decision.

If you request a refund through our [contact page](/contact), our response time may take up to 24 hours or, in rare cases, up to a week or two.

As long as it complies with our policies and is made in good faith, the decision is at the event organizer's discretion.

The meaning of good faith reasons are including, but not limited to:
- **deadlines**, the request was submitted after the event organizer’s stated refund deadline, such as when a ticket is ordered within 24 hours of the event's start time.
- **non-refundable ticket(s)**, the event organizer clearly stated that tickets are non-refundable at the time of purchase.
- **violation**, the event organizer reserves the right to void a ticket if the attendee is found in violation of event policies, such as engaging in disruptive behavior, unauthorized ticket reselling, or other related infractions.

# General
This is an extended version of our refund policy. For more information, visit [Refund Policy](/en-US/REFUND.md).

Commit message:

Major tweaks on Refund Verification section

en-US/EVENTS/REFUND.md, after:

# Overview
This policy states our refund policy for our services named **Anthro.id / Events**.

This is an extended version of our Refund Policy.

# Under Event Organizer Policy
If an event organizer has a refund policy, that policy applies to the event, not ours.

It is up to the event organizer to decide whether to accept your refund request, if applicable.

Please read **Refund Verification** section down below for more information about whether the ticket is refundable or not.

The event organizer can also reuse and modify our Platform refund policy.

# Under Anthro.id Policy (Fallback)
If the event organizer does not specify a refund policy, our (Anthro.id) refund policy will apply by default.

It is up to the event organizer to decide whether to accept your refund request, if applicable.

Please read **Refund Verification** section down below for more information about whether the ticket is refundable or not.

You may request to cancel your ticket for a:
- **full refund**, up to 30 (thirty) days before the date and time of the event.
- **partial refund (50%)**, between 7 (seven) and 29 (twenty nine) days before the date and time of the event.
- **no refund**, less than 7 (seven) days before the date and time of the event.

# Force Majeure
In the event of unforeseen circumstances beyond the control of the Platform (**Anthro.id**) or the event organizer, including but not limited to natural catastrophe(s), government regulations, pandemics, or any other force majeure event, both the Platform and the event organizer reserve the right to honor applicable refund policies.

Refunds under force majeure circumstances will be processed in accordance with the timeline and method determined by the event organizer and **Anthro.id.** Any transaction fees or processing charges (e.g. bank transfers) may be deducted where applicable.

The Platform and the event organizer are not liable for any additional costs, damages, or losses incurred by attendees due to a force majeure event. This includes, but is not limited to, accommodations, travel expenses, lost wages, or any other costs beyond the ticket purchase price. The Platform's liability is limited solely to ticket refunds as specified in our refund policy.

For more information on what is included in force majeure, you can [visit this page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force_majeure).

Please read **Refund Coverage Details** section below for more information about how much you will get refunded.

# Refund Coverage Details
In cases where an event organizer issues a refund, the amount returned to you will be subject to deductions based on these non-refundable charges. The final refund amount may also depend on the event organizer’s own policies and agreements.

# Request
If available, you can request a refund through your [profile page](/user/profile), under **Your Ticket** section, select the event that you want to issue a refund and follow the on-screen instructions.

# Refund Verification
Refund verification (a state whether your ticket will be refunded, or not) typically depends on the event organizer, who has up to 7 days to make a decision.

If you request a refund through our [contact page](/contact), our response time may take up to 24 hours or, in rare cases, up to a week or two.

As long as it complies with policies between merchants and the Platform, the final decision is and will be still at the event organizer's discretion.

There are some situations where refund is not acceptable, which is but not limited to:
- **deadlines**, the request was submitted after the event organizer’s stated refund deadline, such as when a ticket is ordered within 24 hours of the event's start time.
- **non-refundable ticket(s)**, the event organizer clearly stated that tickets are non-refundable at the time of purchase.
- **violation**, the event organizer reserves the right to void a ticket if the attendee is found in violation of event policies, such as engaging in disruptive behavior, unauthorized ticket reselling, or other related infractions.

# General
This is an extended version of our refund policy. For more information, visit [Refund Policy](/en-US/REFUND.md).
