en-US/EVENTS/UNDERAGE.md, before:

# Overview
This policy covers how event organizers handles underage individuals.

Please see [Underage Individuals' Policy](/legal/consumer/underage) for how we handles accounts for underage individuals on our platform.

# Event Creation
For safety reasons, you need to be at least 18 years old to become an event organizer with Anthro.id.

Alternatively, you can bring someone who is older (more than or equals to 18 years old) than the individual to create an event and follow a normal procedure.

# Guardian Agreements
A parent or legal guardian ***must*** print, sign, and submit a physical/digital copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** form—provided by us, or the event organizer—to the event organizer before or when the event begins.

A copy may also be submitted to **Anthro.id**, but only if the event organizer has granted us permission to store it.

# Attendance
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

As a fallback, our default policy states that underage individuals (under 13 years old) must be accompanied by parents and/or legal guardian.

# Check-In
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

Otherwise, as a fallback, our default policy states that for those who are:
- **under 13 years old**, the individual's parents and/or legal guardian must provide their valid government-issued ID card.
- **between 13 and 16 years old**, the individual must provide their additional forms of ID, government-issued or not.

During check-in, the individual must bring their physical identification card/form/paper along with the physical copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** as stated above.

Commit message:

Change wording "family certificate" to "a copy of family certificate"

en-US/EVENTS/UNDERAGE.md, after:

# Overview
This policy covers how event organizers handles underage individuals.

Please see [Underage Individuals' Policy](/legal/consumer/underage) for how we handles accounts for underage individuals on our platform.

# Event Creation
For safety reasons, you need to be at least 18 years old to become an event organizer with Anthro.id.

Alternatively, you can bring someone who is older (more than or equals to 18 years old) than the individual to create an event and follow a normal procedure.

# Guardian Agreements
A parent or legal guardian ***must*** print, sign, and submit a physical/digital copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** form—provided by us, or the event organizer—to the event organizer before or when the event begins.

A copy may also be submitted to **Anthro.id**, but only if the event organizer has granted us permission to store it.

# Attendance
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

As a fallback, our default policy states that underage individuals (under 13 years old) must be accompanied by parents and/or legal guardian.

# Check-In
This policy depends on the preferred event policy, if they have one.

Otherwise, as a fallback, our default policy states that for those who are:
- **under 13 years old**, the individual's parents and/or legal guardian must provide their valid government-issued ID card.
- **between 13 and 16 years old**, the individual must provide their additional forms of ID, government-issued or not.
  - This includes, but not limited to a passport, student card, a copy of family certificate, and/or [KIA (Kartu Identitas Anak/Youth Identification Card)](https://hellosehat.com/parenting/anak-6-sampai-9-tahun/tumbuh-kembang-anak/kartu-identitas-anak/).

During check-in, the individual must bring their physical identification card/form/paper along with the physical copy of the **Underage Attendance Authorization** as stated above.
