en-US/TRUST-FOOTPRINT/READ-ONLY/COMPLIANCE.md, before:

# Compliance
For Indonesia residence visitors, **Anthro.id** complies with local and regulation laws, including:
- [**Law on Personal Data Protection, No. 27 of 2022**](https://peraturan.bpk.go.id/Details/229798/uu-no-27-tahun-2022) (Indonesia)
- [**Otoritas Jasa Keuangan ("OJK")**](http://ojk.go.id/) (Indonesia)
- [**Bank Indonesia ("BI")**](https://www.bi.go.id/) (Indonesia)

For outside Indonesia residence, the visitors have to comply the local and regulation laws from both countries.

If you have questions about our compliances, please feel free to [contact us](https://anthro.id/contact).

## Ditjen AHU
Ditjen AHU (short for "Direktorat Jenderal Administrasi Hukum Umum") is a Directorate General of Legal Administrative Affairs, a part of the Ministry of Law and Human Rights of the Republic of Indonesia.

We are compliant with the regulatory requirements set by Ditjen AHU and are listed in the official registry since July 2025.

Reg. Number: `AHU-036220.AH.01.30.2025`.

## PCI DSS
We stated clearly in our [privacy policy](/legal/privacy) that we do not store personal credit card information for any of our users.

Most of the payments rely on [Midtrans](https://midtrans.com) and [PayPal](https://paypal.com) to process transactions, which is PCI-DSS compliant.

For more information, please visit [Midtrans Security](https://midtrans.com/security) and [PayPal PCI Compliance](https://www.paypal.com/id/webapps/mpp/pci-compliance?locale.x=en_ID) page.

## ISO 27001
All user data is stored in ISO 27001-certified data centers, following international standards for security and reliability.

For more information, please visit:
- [Google Cloud ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Compliance](https://cloud.google.com/security/compliance/iso-27001)
- [AWS Cloud Security ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Compliance](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/iso-27001-faqs/)

## Global Privacy Practices
While **anthro.id** is based in Indonesia, we provide the same standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location.

For users in the European Union, we follow the principles of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by, in summary:
- collecting only necessary data that we previously stated in our [privacy policy](https://anthro.id/legal/privacy) and with consent,
- allowing you to access, update, or delete your personal data,
- providing transparency on how your data is processed,
- offering clear ways to withdraw consent at any time.

Commit message:

Add "PSE Komdigi" to Compliance page

en-US/TRUST-FOOTPRINT/READ-ONLY/COMPLIANCE.md, after:

# Compliance
For Indonesia residence visitors, **Anthro.id** complies with local and regulation laws, including:
- [**Law on Personal Data Protection, No. 27 of 2022**](https://peraturan.bpk.go.id/Details/229798/uu-no-27-tahun-2022) (Indonesia)
- [**Otoritas Jasa Keuangan ("OJK")**](http://ojk.go.id/) (Indonesia)
- [**Bank Indonesia ("BI")**](https://www.bi.go.id/) (Indonesia)

For outside Indonesia residence, the visitors have to comply the local and regulation laws from both countries.

If you have questions about our compliances, please feel free to [contact us](https://anthro.id/contact).

## Ditjen AHU
Ditjen AHU (short for "Direktorat Jenderal Administrasi Hukum Umum") is a Directorate General of Legal Administrative Affairs, a part of the Ministry of Law and Human Rights of the Republic of Indonesia.

We are compliant with the regulatory requirements set by Ditjen AHU and are listed in the official registry since July 2025.

Reg. Number: `AHU-036220.AH.01.30.2025`.

## PSE Komdigi [Domestic Private Scope/Lingkup Privat Domestik]
TD PSE (short for "Tanda Daftar Penyelenggara Sistem Elektronik") is a program aimed at regulating the presence of electronic systems organizers in Indonesia.

We are compliant with the regulatory requirements set by Komdigi and are listed in the official PSE registry since August 2025.

PSE Reg. Number: `019551.01/DJAI.PSE/08/2025`

## PCI DSS
We stated clearly in our [privacy policy](/legal/privacy) that we do not store personal credit card information for any of our users.

Most of the payments rely on [Midtrans](https://midtrans.com) and [PayPal](https://paypal.com) to process transactions, which is PCI-DSS compliant.

For more information, please visit [Midtrans Security](https://midtrans.com/security) and [PayPal PCI Compliance](https://www.paypal.com/id/webapps/mpp/pci-compliance?locale.x=en_ID) page.

## ISO 27001
All user data is stored in ISO 27001-certified data centers, following international standards for security and reliability.

For more information, please visit:
- [Google Cloud ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Compliance](https://cloud.google.com/security/compliance/iso-27001)
- [AWS Cloud Security ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Compliance](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/iso-27001-faqs/)

## Global Privacy Practices
While **anthro.id** is based in Indonesia, we provide the same standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location.

For users in the European Union, we follow the principles of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by, in summary:
- collecting only necessary data that we previously stated in our [privacy policy](https://anthro.id/legal/privacy) and with consent,
- allowing you to access, update, or delete your personal data,
- providing transparency on how your data is processed,
- offering clear ways to withdraw consent at any time.
